update docs for kafka lookup extension to specify correct extension loading requirements (#16929)
apache/druid: docs/querying/lookups-cached-global.md

To use this Apache Druid extension, [include](../configuration/extensions.md#loading-extensions) `druid-lookups-cached-global` in the extensions load list.

> The `druid-kafka-extraction-namespace` extension provides all the functionality of `druid-lookups-cached-global`. You should only load one of the two extensions.
> (load `druid-lookups-cached-global` if you only want global cached lookup functionality, load `druid-kafka-extraction-namespace` if you also want kafka lookup functionality)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `druid-kafka-extraction-namespace` extension includes all the functionality of `druid-lookups-cached-global`.
Do not load both extensions, but choose the extension that best suits your needs:
- `druid-lookups-cached-global` if you only want global cached lookup functionality
- `druid-kafka-extraction-namespace` if you need Kafka lookup functionality

```
make admonition to not load both stronger. Capitalize Kafka
